@echo off 
title hackertyper 
color 0A 
echo. 
echo start scripting 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @ 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo o 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo of 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo t 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo ti 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo tit 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo titl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title s 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title sc 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title scr 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title scri 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title scrip 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script t 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script te 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script tes 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo c 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo co 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo col 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo colo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo s 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo st 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo sta 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo star 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start s 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start sc 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scr 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scri 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scrip 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start script 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripti 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scriptin 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo p 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pa 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pau 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo paus 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause n 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nu 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo c 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo p 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pa 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pau 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo paus 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause n 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nu 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo c 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo p 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pa 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pau 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo paus 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause n 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nu 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo c 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo p 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pa 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pau 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo paus 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause n 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nu 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo c 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo p 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pa 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pau 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo paus 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause n 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nu 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo c 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo p 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pa 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pau 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo paus 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause n 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nu 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo c 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo p 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pa 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pau 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo paus 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause n 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nu 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo c 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo p 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pa 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pau 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo paus 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause n 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nu 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo c 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo p 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pa 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pau 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo paus 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause n 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nu 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo c 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo e 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo ec 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo ech 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo t 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo ti 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo tit 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo titl 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title s 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title sc 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title scr 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title scri 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title scrip 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script t 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script te 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script tes 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo p 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo pa 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo pau 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo paus 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo pause 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo pause n 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo pause nu 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo pause nul 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo pause nul 
echo. 
pause >nul
cls 
echo @echo off 
echo title script test 
echo color 0A 
echo echo. 
echo echo start scripting 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @e 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ec 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @ech 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo o 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo of 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo pause nul 
echo cls 
echo echo @echo off 
echo echo title script test 
echo pause nul 
echo c 
exit 
